before we begin let me start by saying
this is the story of a woman who
believes a violent man can change
and that's a good thing
[Music]
whose stars of our movie today are
hermione
granger matthew from downton abbey
and the she in murder she wrote blaze
our story begins with oh it's not a book
and there ain't no stepmother okay so
essentially there was this arrogant
who wouldn't help a lady in
need because she was ugly on the outside
and she was like well you know what you
ugly on the inside
and then she turned pretty or something
and then he tried to apologize because
he's an and then she was like
no and cast a spell on him to make
him a big hairy monster and the only way
he can be unheard is if he finds
somebody willing to love his big furry
butt
before his 21st birthday when this magic
rose she was trying to give him gives up
the ghost
so now what's his name oh he ain't even
got a name
because he ain't worthy so i get to call
him whatever i want to
so now juan so now juan is sad
fast forward a few years where we meet
belle this quirky little nerd who spends
her days doing
the village thinks is bizarro like
singing songs and reading books
she's a social outcast and cleavage she
sings and reads to sheep
but she's a good little girl who keeps
up books and boobies to herself
which is exactly what turns on a cartoon
hugh jackman this is jean valjean
well it's not but it rhymes it's gaston
and this conceited bombing thinks he's
cleavage some kind of hassle
and apparently the titty triplets agree
so gaston is like
look at me i'm attractive and the blonde
boob brigade is like
[Music]
and gaston is like women shouldn't read
next thing you know you'll be thinking
for yourself
so bella's like i'm going home to lend a
hand to my papi
and then they laugh about her her
daddy's our crazy old loom and she's
like
my pep is not crazy he's a genius as
their house goes up in flames
down in the basement pep is having
himself a little wardrobe malfunction
so he runs away in embarrassment don't
get lost
i said don't get lost okay well at least
don't get attacked by rabbit back
i said don't get attacked by rabbit bats
okay well then don't almost go off the
edge of a cliff
and don't lose your hulk dumb genius
bit and then he finds a big dark creaky
castle and it's not scary at all
so he goes relying on the kindness of
strangers and talking to everyday castle
hold items
and looking between their legs but
surprise this castle is
occupied by a big hairy butt who's an
ass meanwhile back in the village gaston
valjean is letting belle know she's one
lucky babe
just look at all this toad you get to
suck
and that's when pepe's host philippe
trots home without peppy oh
looks like belle gonna have to knock
some skulls so belle goes to the castle
and don't ask me how the hell she found
it
where she just invites herself in and
goes traipsing all through the joint
and all the personified gadgets decide
she's going to fall in love with the
harriets and
break the spell frankly i think they're
being a little selfish
because they're tired of folks looking
through their legs and finding nothing
but belle promises daryl she'll trade
places with her pepe
so belle like it or not you gotta fall
in love with this foul demon
despite his foul behavior and breath
probably
and the fact that he locked up your
elderly father in the cellar to freeze
his ancient buns off
so he just drags out the dogs jumps him
into some weirdo carriage and then
offers bella real bedroom because he's
actually a very sensitive soul
and all lord it is some bad message for
young women
so there's a long song and some cleavage
skip and then papi shows up to tell
everybody his daughter's being held
captive by a big monster scary beast
thing
and they just keep singing back at the
castle carl is stalking around like a
maniac and they're like
you need her to see past all that ugly
and he's like
i'm a and they're like yeah we know but
you could try to fake it till you make
it start by trying not to lick your own
balls of dinner and because lamont has
his magic mirror thingy he can just peep
in on bell whenever he tickles his damn
fancy
and belle's like i'm not having dinner
with that mangy mud and now one is sad
again then belle goes creeping and gets
treated to a little musical performance
by all the knickknacks
and she goes creeping a little more and
finds all the rooms where he threw
himself a little pity party
then he finds him becomes violent and
did i mention this some bad message for
young women
but then she gets attacked by some
wolves but then harry busts up on the
scene and saves the day
and i think that's supposed to make him
a hero or something i don't know
then she takes pity on his sorrows and
takes him home and cleans his boo-boos
and they have a big argument and yell at
each other and this relationship ain't
dysfunctional no siree
so now that he's all in love and smitten
and he shows up his
big library now they spend some quality
time together including feeding some
birds having some din din and dancing
like they're in the king and i
then he lets her use his magic mirror
thingy to scope on her papa
and there's his sad ass out there
looking for you freezing his nips off
dying while you're getting whined and
dying and now one is sad
again because if you love somebody you
have to let them go free to save the
daddy you locked up to die in the poke
then she finds him takes him home and
says the thing everybody who's been
abused says
he's different now that's not a joke
but then gaston has the master plan i
forgot to mention
this green goblin is there to take away
her daddy to the looney farm and gets
thorn is like
i can save your daddy but only if you
let me put a ring on it
but belle's like hell to the end oh no
and by the way
enzo is real look at this magical mirror
thing
ain't he cute ain't got fleas or nothing
but that stone got to be like
yeah well mine's bigger and he ain't
talking about his library
so he locks bell and her daddy in his
little tornado cellar and he gets the
townsfolk
all jazzed up and off they skedaddle on
a little adventurous sing-along
to assist gaston in converting the thing
into a beastskin rug
but the enchanted furniture opens up a
can of woof bucket bells cuphead helps
them escape somehow
and back at the castle the villagers
ain't even wondering why the they're
throwing down with home decor
then gaston just busts right up in there
and eugene just looks at him like
you know what just get it over with so
it does
and then he throws his ass out the
window why i don't know
then bell rolls up and this scene is
called how beasty got his balls back
then he's like you lucky i'm a good guy
now i gotta hocked your ass off here
like a loogie
well henry is just trying to get back to
his booty got stone got to show his
one last time and of course no disney
movie will be complete without him
oh but bentley is dying
they exchanged some lovely word i'm
sorry about those hair balls i coughed
up at dinner
oh don't apologize i will so miss you
you filthy mongrel
well that's the way i heard it anyway
but just as the flower dies
bill falls in love with him and the
spell is broken and light shines forth
from his phalanges and he falls to the
ground returned to his humanly studded
because this make-believe
and that looks like the face of a woman
who's skeptical
she must be thinking natural not a beast
does this mean you no longer got that
big
library now all the dishes turn back
into real folks
and bell and beast now man get married
and cleavage
slip off into some hidden cell in the
basement and do it donkey style the end
thank you to these special muffins
star kittens isabelle dissie
gabriella c chris oh dan w
b gz davis c whiskey
neddy j john k cheetah gal
maria t colette l college
donny b grady oh fat cat sylvia
and roz griez without them and the
others you see at the end of other
videos this channel would not exist
for movies explained for i'm jeb
beastidae you know what's wrong with
this movie
not enough cleavage